hello in this video I'm going to teach you
install the samsung weather car
galaxy s 4 in our android terminal and
Well the only requirement is to have
our terminal surrounded and have a
custom recovery to be able
apply the widget update
alright then let's go down the
file in session that I will leave here
below and we are going to copy our
SD card or our internal memory
that I have copied to my internal memory and
this this file that comes here in
zip point extension
let's now restart our terminal
in recovery mode
we will restart and here we choose mode
recovery or maybe we can make love
recovery with the combination of keys and
power volume up son before
turn on the terminal
very well here we are already in the recovery
from our terminal and good
let's choose the option that says
install sit
or dedicate facilities I do not know how
disappear in your recovery we choose
install yes
and here we are going to choose the location if
is on our internal card or on
our foreign argenta that copy it to
my internal card then I will choose
his and from this leave the first
and good
I'm going to type in zero to go
to my internal card
ok here we are going to choose the file in
the zip extension that we have copied
and we will confirm the installation you
we give in yes
we wait while the file is installed
and here it's ready to tell us that the
installation has been finalized
correctly very well now we are going to
restart the phone the mobile and we will
give it in the first option that says
External bounce or
we wait for the utilization to be
make
since I turn on the system start
very well
ready the system already started and right now
let's proceed to find the widget that
we have installed
we go in the widgets section
and we will search in time
here is the climate
okay
we leave it and ready we have now in
our terminal the samsung widget
galaxy s 4
and how they saw it is a process really
simple
you just have to earn the file
and well let's proceed to configure the
location the city to start at
function as what is the guille of the
time up here the video if it has
liked please also like and not
forget to subscribe